(explosion)
IS EVERYBODY OKAY?!
I'M FINE. THANKS FOR WAITING.
WHAT WAS THAT?
WATER HEATER, GAS LINE--
THE TRAINING'S THE SAME, PEOPLE.
JUST STAY LOW AND MOVE OUT!
HONEY, LUKE'S GONE.
CLAIRE, SPONTANEOUS
HUMAN COMBUSTION IS VERY RARE.
I DON'T THINK HE EXPLODED,
PHIL.
THE ROPE LADDER WORKS.
AT LEAST
SOMEONE FOLLOWED PROTOCOL.
OH! OH, IT'S THERE!
SMOKE IS COMING OUT
OF LUKE'S STUPID SUITCASE.
LIKE HIS OLD MAN,
LUKE IS A MAGICIAN.
(laughs) I'M TAKING LESSONS FROM
SOME GUY MY DAD FOUND ONLINE.
HE CAME PERSONALLY RECOMMENDED
FROM THE GUY WHO RUNS
THE WARLOCK CONFERENCE
UP IN MODESTO.
(loud snoring)
(sighs)
(continues snoring)
OW! OW! OW! OW! (grunts)
(groans)
(sighs)
OCUPADO, BIG GUY.
FIND ANOTHER FOXHOLE.
(sighs)
(ascending and descending scale)
♪ THIS IS HOW WE LEARN TO SING ♪
♪ WHO CAN GO UP HERE
WITH ME? ♪
CAM TOOK A JOB TEACHING MUSIC
AT THE LOCAL MIDDLE SCHOOL.
YEAH, HIS FIRST DAY
IS TOMORROW.
I'M EXCITED FOR ME,
BUT I'M PROBABLY MORE EXCITED
FOR THE STUDENTS
BECAUSE A GREAT TEACHER
IS A GIFT.
HASN'T STARTED YET.
I HAVE TO TIP MY HAT TO
MY HIGH SCHOOL MUSIC TEACHER...
(mouths words)
A REAL FORCE OF NATURE
WHO WAS ALSO
THE DEFENSIVE COORDINATOR
FOR THE FOOTBALL TEAM
AND SUPERVISED CALF BIRTHING
FOR THE ANIMAL HUSBANDRY CLUB.
(mouths words)
DORIS OLSON.
GREAT LADY.
LADY.
♪ THIS IS HOW... ♪
(slams door)
♪ WE LEARN TO SING ♪
(cord thuds)
AY, JAY,
I'M GOING TO MISS YOU.
IT'S ONE NIGHT.
NO, I DON'T WANT
TO BE WITHOUT YOU,
NOT EVEN ONE NIGHT
IN MY WHOLE LIFE.
WHAT CAN I MAKE YOU?
HOW ABOUT A LITTLE ROOM
ON MY SIDE OF THE BED?
I MEAN, I SHOULDN'T COMPLAIN.
MY WIFE'S A KNOCKOUT. BUT...
SHE'S AT THAT PLACE
IN HER PREGNANCY
WHERE, SHE'S, YOU KNOW...
AMPLE.
AND THE SNORING.
I SWEAR IN THE LAST ULTRASOUND,
THE BABY WAS LIKE THIS...
SO I SHOULD BE HOME
ABOUT NOON TOMORROW.
WHO DRANK ALL THE COFFEE?
OH, I, UH, I HAD
QUITE A BIT OF THAT.
YOU KNOW, I HAVEN'T, UM,
BEEN SLEEPING TOO WELL.
THERE'S ACTUALLY A FUNNY STORY
ABOUT WHAT'S CAUSING THAT.
MOM, I'M FULLY AWARE
OF THE CHANGES
YOUR BODY IS GOING THROUGH,
AND THAT NASAL STUFFINESS
IS VERY COMMON DURING PREGNANCY,
BUT WE GOT A CRISIS
IN THIS HOUSE.
YOU'VE BEEN SNORING.
BUT I GOT
YOU THESE NASAL STRIPS.
IN THE COMMERCIAL,
THE OLD MAN'S ANGRY RED
SOUND WAVES TURN A GENTLE BLUE.
SO I'M LIKE AN OLD MAN?
NO!
LIKE A DOG THEN? A PIG?
WHAT IS IT, MANNY?
I'M AN OLD MAN, A DOG, OR A PIG?
(thud)
JAY, HELP ME OUT HERE.
YOU'VE HEARD IT.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
THE BOY'S TALKING ABOUT.
IF THIS IS A GLIMPSE OF
TEENAGE MANNY, I DON'T LOVE IT.
HAVE A LITTLE RESPECT
FOR YOUR BEAUTIFUL MOTHER.
(blows nose loudly)
THANK YOU, JAY.
(sighs)
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SORRY, MOM.
AND, JAY,
HAVE A GREAT TRIP
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
(blows nose loudly)
OKAY, LILY'S DROP-OFF TIME
IS BETWEEN 8:45 AND 8:50,
SO YOU SHOULD BE FINE
TO GET TO WORK BY 9:00.
HERE IS HER CHECKLIST
FOR HER BACKPACK.
UH, WOW.
OH, I HAVE
THIS WHOLE THING PLANNED.
OKAY, I'M GONNA WALK IN,
TAKE OFF MY JACKET,
AND SAY, "HERE COMES TREBLE."
BIG SWING ON THE FIRST DAY.
PLEASE DON'T TAMP DOWN
MY ENTHUSIASM.
OKAY, WHAT ELSE?
OH! THE DIMMER CAME IN
FOR THE SWITCH,
SO I WANT YOU TO CALL
THE ELECTRICIAN, BUT NOT BRAD.
REMEMBER? WE HAD A PROBLEM WITH
HIM LAST TIME ABOUT THE BILLING.
HE WANTED HIS NAME
ABOVE THE TITLE?
YES, YOU'VE DONE THAT JOKE
BEFORE. SO CUTE. SO FUNNY.
WHAT ELSE? OH!
LILY NEEDS TO GET A PRESENT
FOR GIO'S BIRTHDAY PARTY.
AND DON'T BE THROWN
BY THE INVITATION.
IT IS A PIRATES PARTY,
NOT A PILATES PARTY.
NOW SIT.
I WANT TO TALK JUICE BOXES.
CAM, CAM, I KNOW
WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE.
YOU'RE FEELING VERY ANXIOUS
ABOUT YOUR FIRST DAY AT WORK,
AND YOU'RE FOCUSING THAT
ANXIETY ON MY DAY WITH LILY.
REALLY, ARE YOU SURE?
I'M NOT COMPLETELY CONFIDENT
ABOUT MY FIRST DAY
BECAUSE IT'S GONNA BE
A HOME RUN,
AND I AM WORRIED ABOUT YOU
BECAUSE YOU'RE TAKING ON
A LITTLE BIT MORE
OF THE LILY LOAD?
DON'T BE SCARED, SWEETIE. MWAH!
SHE'S NOT SCARED!
WH-WH-WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST CALL ME IF YOU NEED ME.
I WON'T!
AND THANK YOU FOR MANAGING
MY EXPECTATIONS TODAY.
NOT NECESSARY.
I SAW YOU PRACTICING A BOW
LAST NIGHT.
THAT WAS JUST IN FUN.
YOU KNOW, I HIGHLY DOUBT
SOME TEENAGERS ARE GONNA
THROW ROSE PETALS
AT MY FEET.
YEAH.
BUT I WOULDN'T BE SURPRISED
IF I GOT SLOW-CLAPPED
OUT OF MY FIRST CLASS.
WRONG.
I AM THINKING.
IF YOU WERE THINKING,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE SEATTLE
AS THE CAPITAL OF WASHINGTON.
OH. YEAH.
IT'S SPOKANE.
SURE, WHICH MAKES THE 11th
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
"JAMES K. PSLK."
OKAY, ALEX, STOP.
I'M TRYING TO FIGURE THIS OUT.
BUZZ, TIME'S UP, DUMMY.
IT'S OLYMPIA.
MAKE SURE YOU SOUND OUT
THE BIG SCARY WORDS.
HA! HA! HA! HA! HA!
MOM, SOMETHING'S ON MY MIND,
AND IT'S REALLY BOTHERING ME.
YEAH, IT'S REALLY
BOTHERING ME, TOO,
BUT I THINK IT'S GONNA BE RICH,
SO WE BETTER BE NICE TO IT.
I WANT TO QUIT MAGIC.
WHAT?
I'M NOT REALLY INTERESTED
ANYMORE,
BUT I DON'T THINK
DAD'S GONNA BE HAPPY.
OH, SWEETHEART.
DON'T WORRY
ABOUT DISAPPOINTING YOUR FATHER.
HE ONLY WANTS YOU TO DO IT
IF YOU WANT TO DO IT.
TELL YOU WHAT.
I WILL TALK TO DAD--
WHOA!
TALK TO DAD?
THAT SOUNDS SERIOUS.
DON'T DO DRUGS.
STAY IN SCHOOL.
(chuckles)
LUKE WANTS TO QUIT MAGIC.
THAT'S NOT HAPPENING.
(keys clatter)
WELL, SEE YOU GUYS AT DINNER.
SWEETHEART, DON'T YOU EVEN WANT
TO TALK ABOUT THIS?
WHAT'S TO TALK ABOUT?
THE KID'S A NATURAL.
HE HAS EVERYTHING--THE HANDS,
THE PATTER, THE OUTFITS.
OKAY, LET'S PLAY THIS OUT.
EVEN IF HE IS ONE IN A MILLION,
WHAT'S OUR BEST CASE SCENARIO
HERE?
HE BECOMES, WHAT...
A PROFESSIONAL MAGICIAN!
A PROFESSIONAL MAGICIAN?
HONEY, THE BOY HAS A GIFT.
YOU WANT TO
JUST THROW THAT AWAY?
I DON'T THINK IT'S ABOUT
THROWING IT AWAY.
I THINK IT'S ABOUT YOU PUSHING--
DON'T I GET A SAY
IN ANY OF THIS?
I'M SORRY I DON'T LIKE MAGIC
AS MUCH AS YOU, BUT I DON'T.
THIS ISN'T ABOUT MAGIC.
NO, IT'S ABOUT MY LIFE
AND YOU CONTROLLING IT.
LOOK, YOU MADE A COMMITMENT.
YOU WILL HONOR THAT COMMITMENT.
UGH! I HATE IT HERE!
(whoosh)
LUKE!
ALL RIGHT,
YOUNG LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
IF I CAN HAVE YOUR ATTENTION,
PLEASE.
LET'S SETTLE DOWN
AND LET'S SAY A TEMPORARY
GOOD-BYE TO YOUR NEIGHBOR
AND TO LIFE AS YOU KNOW IT,
BECAUSE HERE COMES TREBLE.
THAT'S RIGHT, MY FRIENDS,
WE GOT TREBLE,
RIGHT HERE
AT FRANKLIN MIDDLE.
I'M CAMERON T.,
AND THAT RHYMES WITH "G,"
AND THAT STANDS
FOR "GOOD MORNING"!
HUH? YES!
LOVE THE ENTHUSIASM.
GO AHEAD. FIRST QUESTION.
WHEN'S MR. NAMAGACHI
COMING BACK?
OKAY, MR. NAMAGACHI
ISN'T COMING BACK,
BUT THERE IS SOMEBODY THAT
I'D LIKE TO INTRODUCE YOU TO.
DON'T KNOW
THAT YOU'VE PROPERLY MET.
SHE'S A GOOD FRIEND OF MINE,
AND SHE GOES BY THE NAME
OF "MUSIC."
AND SOMETIMES
MY FRIEND MUSIC CAN BE SHY.
(plays opening chords
of Beethoven's "Fur Elise")
SOMETIMES SHE CAN BE ANGRY!
(plays opening chords of
Beethoven's "Symphony No. 5")
HUH?
SOMETIMES
SHE CAN BE PLAYFUL.
(plays opening of Scott Joplin's
"The Entertainer")
AND SOMETIMES SHE CAN BE
DOWNRIGHT A-FUNKY!
(electronic funk beat playing)
(singsongy, clenches teeth)
TRAIN WRECK.
(lowered voice) THERE'S NO WAY
HE RAN THIS PAST MITCHELL.
(Lily) DADDY ALWAYS PARKS
IN THE BACK OF THE SCHOOL.
I KNOW, SWEETIE, BUT, UH,
THOSE SPOTS WERE ALL TAKEN.
BECAUSE WE'RE LATE?
NO, WE'RE, LIKE, A MINUTE LATE,
AND THAT'S 'CAUSE OF TRAFFIC.
ALL RIGHT.
AND BECAUSE I TIPPED OVER.
YOU DIDN'T SNAP
MY CAR SEAT RIGHT.
OKAY, WELL, IT CERTAINLY DIDN'T
HURT YOUR MEMORY ANY.
ALL RIGHT,
HERE'S YOUR LUNCH.
YOU SPILLED IT!
OH! WHY IS THE TOP OPEN?
(zips up bag)
DADDY ALWAYS ZIPS IT FOR ME.
(under breath)
MAYBE YOU SHOULD ZIP IT.
I HEARD THAT.
SO WITH JUST
A FEW MORE MINUTES LEFT--
MR. NAMAGACHI--
USED TO WORK HERE,
BUT HE GOT FIRED, OKAY?
SO NOW LET'S FORM AN ORCHESTRA
MADE UP
OF MY FAVORITE INSTRUMENTS--
YOUR BEAUTIFUL BODIES.
(lowered singsong voice)
GETTIN' CREEPY.
OKAY, SO YOU GUYS ARE GONNA BE
MY, UH, TABLE SLAPPERS.
YOU'RE MY BASS LINE.
(imitates bass playing)
AND YOU'RE GONNA BE
MOUTH TRUMPETERS IN THE BACK
WITH THE MELODY.
(imitates trumpet)
OKAY, NOW LET'S BRING IT
ALL TOGETHER.
ONE, TWO, THREE.
(students vocalizing
and pounding)
THE BASS LINE IS A LITTLE--
A LITTLE SOFTER.
OKAY, LOUDER WITH
THE MOUTH TRUMPETS.
(school bell rings)
OKAY. GREAT.
WELL, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
AND, UM, I THOUGHT IT WAS
A GREAT FIRST DAY.
AND I LOVE THE GIVE-AND-TAKE,
EVERYONE.
AND, UM...
(slow clapping continues)
HEY, DAD. HOW'S FRISCO?
MY MEETINGS ENDED EARLY.
I DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO
SPEND THE NIGHT.
AND DON'T SAY "FRISCO."
THEY HATE IT
WHEN YOU CALL IT "FRISCO."
HOW DO YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY HATE?
YOU'VE BEEN THERE TWO TIMES
IN YOUR LIFE.
ANYWAY, I HAVEN'T SLEPT
IN A WEEK.
GLORIA'S SNORING
LIKE A WATER BUFFALO.
AW, WELL, SHE'S PREGNANT.
IT'S UNCOMFORTABLE.
WHAT, SHE PUT ON 15?
20? 25? 30?
WE'RE NOT DOING THIS AGAIN.
HOW DO I BRING IT UP?
WELL, FOR STARTERS,
YOU DON'T.
YOU SUCK IT UP.
Dad, your hot wife
WHO WAS LEARNING TO WALK
WHEN YOU WERE 30 YEARS OLD,
IS PREGNANT WITH A BABY
YOU CONCEIVED
DOING SOMETHING MOST MEN
WOULD KILL TO DO.
I'm just so tired.
IT'S A SMALL SACRIFICE
COMPARED TO WHAT
SHE'S GOING THROUGH.
POOR THING, WHAT WITH
THE EXTRA... 30? 35? 40? 45?
WE'RE DONE.
(beep)
ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
HOW'S THIS?
THAT'S NOT THE KIND WE GET.
OKAY.
(sighs)
(cell phone rings, beeps)
HELLO?
HEY, CAM.
JUST CHECKING IN ON ME
AGAIN?
YEAH. JUST WANTED TO SEE
IF YOU GOT LILY.
YEAH, WE'RE--WE'RE JUST--
WE'RE AT THE GROCERY STORE,
HAVING A GREAT TIME.
(imitates buzzer)
OH. YEAH. ANY QUESTIONS
ABOUT THE...
ABOUT THE GROCERY LIST?
No, we're just picking up
the granola.
SO HOW WAS IT?
HOW WAS THE BIG DEBUT?
WAS IT A COMFORTABLE RIDE
AROUND THE SCHOOLYARD
ON THE SHOULDERS
OF THE CHILDREN?
WELL, I STOOD AND DELIVERED.
THANK YOU
FOR SARCASTICALLY ASKING.
YEAH.
OKAY, DID YOU CALL
THE ELECTRICIAN
ABOUT THE DIMMER?
YES. YEAH.
YEAH, I'M ON THE OTHER LINE
WITH HIM RIGHT NOW.
Well, I should probably
let you go.
Keep your eye on Lily.
She has a tendency
to wander off.
CAM... UH, WH-WH--I'M--
I'M TOTALLY CAPABLE OF...
YOU LOST HER, DIDN'T YOU?
No. No, no, no, no.
NO, SHE IS RIGHT NEXT TO ME.
HI, HONEY.
I can hear it in your voice.
Look in the dairy case.
CAM, DO YOU HONESTLY THINK
THAT I WOULD LOSE...
The doors don't pull.
They slide.
(Gloria snoring loudly)
(whispers)
YOU NEVER SAW ME.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
(piano playing jazz)
HEY.
LOOK, UM,
I THOUGHT ABOUT IT,
AND IF YOU REALLY WANT TO,
YOU CAN QUIT MAGIC.
YOU JUST HAVE TO DO
ONE THING FIRST--
EXECUTE THE BUTLER'S ESCAPE.
(Phil) It goes without saying
THAT THE BUTLER'S ESCAPE
IS ONE OF THE MOST CHALLENGING
FEATS OF ESCAPOLOGY
AN ILLUSIONIST CAN PERFORM.
IT'S--IT'S BASED, OF COURSE,
ON THE WELL-KNOWN STORY
OF THE EARL OF FLANNING'S
MANSERVANT PERCY,
WHO WAS IMPRISONED
IN THE TOWER OF LONDON,
AND AS WE ALL KNOW,
REFUSED TO TAKE OFF HIS UNIFORM
WHEN HE WAS SHACKLED.
FAMOUSLY, AS THE, UH,
TOWER GUARD GERT SLEPT,
PERCY FREED HIMSELF AND LEAPT
OVER THE SLEEPING GUARD,
GIVING RISE
TO THE POPULAR EXPRESSION...
"PERCY JUMPED THE GERT."
WHY ARE YOU MAKING ME DO
THIS STUPID TRICK?
I THINK YOU'RE QUITTING...
(lock clicks)
BECAUSE MAGIC'S GETTING HARD,
AND THAT'S NOT A GOOD REASON
FOR QUITTING ANYTHING.
BUT...
(lock clicks)
IF YOU CAN DO THIS,
THEN I'LL KNOW THAT
YOU GENUINELY DON'T LIKE IT,
AND YOU'LL HAVE MY BLESSING
TO PURSUE OTHER INTERESTS.
NO STRINGS ATTACHED.
SORRY, BUDDY.
OW!
I'M SO SORRY.
(crunches)
YOU'RE KIDDING, RIGHT?
YOU CANNOT REALLY BE ENJOYING
THAT STUPID SHOW.
(mouth full)
I WAS CHANGING CHANNELS.
GOD.
WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN LATELY?
IS SOMETHING WRONG WITH YOU?
IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
OH, MY GOSH. COME ON.
YOU CAN TALK TO ME.
WELL...
MM-HMM?
THERE'S THIS GIRL
AT SCHOOL, AND...
MM-HMM.
SHE GOT PREGNANT.
(gasps)
NO.
I KNOW,
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO HELP HER,
BUT WITH ALL THE PILLS SHE'S
TAKING, SHE KIND OF LASHES OUT.
OH, HONEY, THIS IS TOO MUCH
FOR YOU TO TAKE ON ALONE.
WHERE ARE THE PARENTS?
THEY'RE NO HELP.
DAD'S ALL CONSUMED WITH
HIS PLASTIC SURGERY BUSINESS,
AND HER MOM'S AN EX-MODEL WHO'S
TRYING TO LAUNCH A MUSIC CAREER.
YOU'RE DESCRIBING THE SHOW
I WAS JUST WATCHING, RIGHT?
I'M JUST SAYING, MIX IN A BOOK
EVERY NOW AND THEN.
MEAN! MEAN!
TRY TO SEE THIS
FROM MY PERSPECTIVE.
I CAN'T.
I'M NOT RAISING A QUITTER.
TRUST ME.
I KNOW WHAT'S BEST FOR YOU.
AND WATCH YOUR TIME,
IN THE STAGE VERSION
THE ROPE'S ON FIRE, AND YOU'RE
SUSPENDED OVER A BED OF NAILS.
I HATE THIS!
WHY ARE YOU MAKING ME DO THIS?
USE THAT ANGER, LUKINI.
LET IT BE THE KEY THAT OPENS
THE VAULT OF FEAR...
THAT HOLDS
THE CHALICE OF HOPE
THAT CONTAINS
THE ELIXIR OF SUCCESS.
IN A FEW SHORT MINUTES...
(chains rattle, thud)
SON OF ALKAZEEL!
YOU'VE DONE IT!
I QUIT.
SO HOW WAS YOUR FIRST DAY?
TELL ME EVERYTHING.
WELL, YOU KNOW,
IT WAS A LOVEFEST.
AND THE KIDS--
THEY WERE, YOU KNOW, AND...
(sniffs)
IS THAT A ROAST?
W--YES. YES.
BUT I'M SURPRISED
YOU COULD SMELL IT
OVER THE NO-DAIRY YELLOW PEPPER
BISQUE WITH CHEESY CROUTONS.
OH, I KNOW, YOU HAD TIME TO DO
A ROAST AND SOUP.
HI, DADDY!
HI, ANGEL!
HOW ARE YOU?
DID YOU MISS DADDY?
WOW.
BATHED AND BRAIDED.
YEAH, LET ME JUST PUT YOU IN
A MORE FLATTERING LIGHT HERE.
THE DIMMER.
MM-HMM.
WHO'D YOU CALL?
I CALLED MYSELF
'CAUSE I DID IT.
(giggles)
YEAH, I HAD TIME
AFTER PICKING UP GIO'S PRESENT,
SO, UH... GO SHOW DADDY
WHAT IT IS.
OKAY.
YEAH.
IT SOUNDS LIKE YOU HAD A PRETTY
SUCCESSFUL DAY YOURSELF.
WELL, IT'S JUST A MATTER
OF BEING ORGANIZED.
BUT WHO AM I TELLING, HUH?
YOU DO THIS SORT OF STUFF
EVERY DAY.
(chair scrapes floor)
OH, BLOW ON THAT.
(mouths word)
SO TELL ME MORE
ABOUT THE KIDS.
WELL, IT WAS AS I PREDICTED,
YOU KNOW.
THEY JUST NEEDED SOMEBODY
TO COME IN THERE
AND BRING MUSIC
BACK TO LIFE.
AND, YOU KNOW,
THAT PERSON WAS...
(voice breaks)
(crying) IT'S NOT ME!
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
IT WAS A DISASTER, MITCHELL.
THEY HATED ME!
NOT JUST THE KIDS,
THE TEACHERS.
THEY WOULDN'T SIT
WITH ME AT LUNCH.
I HAD TO SIT ALONE.
OH, HONEY.
AND MY SWEATER--THE SHOP TEACHER
SPILLED JUICE ON IT.
HE SAID IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
BUT IT WASN'T AN ACCIDENT.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S NOT OKAY!
I FAILED MISERABLY.
AND LOOK AT YOU.
YOU DID EVERYTHING SO PERFECTLY.
WELL, YES.
(sighs)
AND--AND--AND NO.
LOOK, LOOK, I...
I GOT TO TELL YA.
UH... (exhales deeply)
I'VE JUST BEEN WATCHING
HOW YOU'VE DONE THINGS
ALL THESE YEARS,
AND I JUST PERFECTED IT.
(front door slams)
OH, PLEASE, MITCHELL!
CLAIRE...
CAM, HE WAS EVERY BIT
THE FAILURE YOU WERE.
HE WAS LATE PICKING UP LILY.
SHE WAS IN WITH THE CUSTODIANS.
THE ONLY THING HE HAD
LESS TO DO WITH THAN DINNER
WAS THE DIMMER.
AND HER HAIR WAS IN BRAIDS
BECAUSE THERE WAS GUM IN IT.
AND... (gasps)
WHY ARE WE HUGGING?
BECAUSE I KNOW
IF HE CALLED YOU FOR HELP
AND HEARD AS MANY INSULTS
AS I KNOW HE HAD TO HEAR,
THEN HE HAD
A WORSE DAY THAN ME.
(voice breaks)
OH, SHE WAS HORRIBLE, CAM.
OH!
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S GONNA GET BETTER.
NO, I KNOW.
WE JUST NEED SOME TIME
TO SETTLE INTO THESE NEW ROLES.
YOU WERE RIGHT
TO LOWER MY EXPECTATIONS.
I JUST WISH
I HAD LOWERED MINE.
(clanking)
THIS GONNA WORK ITS WAY AROUND
TO A "THANK YOU," LADIES?
(male announcer
speaking indistinctly)
(cell phone rings)
HEY, HONEY.
(Gloria) Surprise!
I'm in San Francisco!
WHAT?
I dropped Manny at a friend's
and, I know it's crazy,
but I hopped on a plane
and I'm here!
I'm driving to the hotel.
THAT IS SO GREAT.
THE THING IS, HONEY,
I'M NOT HERE RIGHT NOW.
SEE, I'M, UH,
I'M OUT AT DINNER.
PROBABLY WON'T BE BACK
FOR, UM...
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
A COUPLE OF HOURS.
It's okay.
I'll wait for you there.
DON'T BE SILLY.
HOW OFTEN
DO YOU GET TO SAN FRANCISCO?
THERE'S SO MUCH
TO SEE THERE.
I MEAN, HERE.
GHIRARDELLI SQUARE?
FISHERMAN'S WHARF?
ALCATRAZ? HEY, TAKE
THAT SEGWAY TOUR. THAT'S
A GREAT WAY TO SEE THE CITY.
AND WHEN YOU GET THE CHOWDER,
MAKE SURE IT'S IN ONE OF
THOSE BREAD BOWLS.
YOU CAN EAT THE BOWL.
YEAH, IT'S A STORY YOU'LL
TELL FOR A LIFETIME.
YOU KNOW WHAT? LATER ON...
(lock clicks)
MAYBE WE CAN WATCH
SOME OF YOUR LANCE BURTON DVDs.
THANKS, I THINK I JUST WANT TO
TRY THIS ESCAPE.
WOULD YOU MIND
TIGHTENING MY ARMS?
OH. SURE. HERE.
(sighs)
IT'S JUST HARD, YOU KNOW?
MM-HMM.
IT'S THE FIRST TIME HE HASN'T
SHARED ONE OF MY INTERESTS.
IT'S SCARY TO THINK THAT THIS IS
THE START OF US GROWING APART.
(sighs) OH, HONEY,
IT'S PROBABLY JUST A PHASE.
ALEX IS GOING THROUGH SOMETHING
RIGHT NOW.
I WISH I COULD
FIGURE THAT OUT.
I CAN'T BREATHE.
ANXIETY.
NO, NO, I'M--I'M FIGHTING
THE JACKET.
THE KEY TO THIS ESCAPE
IS BALANCE.
THE WHOLE THING IS BASED
ON THE IDEA OF OPPOSING FORCES
HOLDING EACH OTHER IN CHECK.
THAT ACTUALLY MAKES
SOME SENSE.
SOME SENSE?
THERE ARE TWO THINGS I KNOW
WITH DEAD CERTAINTY--
HOW TO SHOULDER ROLL OUT
OF A HUMAN PYRAMID,
AND THE BLACK ARTS
OF THE BUTLER'S ESCAPE.
NO, HONEY,
OUR HOUSE IS OUT OF BALANCE
BECAUSE ALEX IS MISSING
HER OPPOSING FORCE.
MM? YEAH.
OH.
Y-YOU'RE MISSING OUT.
SOME PEOPLE DESCRIBE THIS ESCAPE
AS VISUAL POETRY.
(muffled voice) HONEY?
(strained voice) OH, NO.
GLORIA.
YOU TOLD ME
THAT YOU WERE IN FRISCO,
AND YOU WERE HERE
IN A HOTEL?
LET ME JUST SAY ONE THING.
DON'T SAY "FRISCO."
THEY HATE THAT.
AND HOW THE HELL
DID YOU FIND ME?
THE HOUSE HAS BEEN
A LITTLE NOISY LATELY,
AND THE SCHOOL LIBRARY
IS A PICKUP SCENE.
SO WHERE DOES A KID GO
FOR SOME PEACE AND QUIET?
♪♪
TELL ME RIGHT NOW
IF YOU'RE HAVING AN AFFAIR,
AND WE WILL FIND SOME TIME LATER
FOR ME TO KILL YOU.
NO. I'M JUST TRYING TO HAVE ONE
NIGHT AWAY FROM YOUR SNORING.
YOU CAME TO A HOTEL
TO SLEEP?
I'M EXHAUSTED, AND I DIDN'T WANT
TO HURT YOUR FEELINGS,
BUT YOU'RE HUGE
AND YOU'RE LOUD.
IT'S LIKE SLEEPING
WITH RUSH LIMBAUGH.
AND I DIDN'T WANT TO BRING IT UP
BECAUSE I FIGURED
YOU'D GET MAD AT ME
THE WAY YOU GOT MAD AT MANNY.
I AM NOT MAD AT YOU BECAUSE
YOU TOLD ME THAT I SNORE.
I AM MAD AT YOU BECAUSE
YOU DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING.
'CAUSE I DIDN'T WANT
TO GET YELLED AT.
WELL, TOO BAD.
WHEN YOU'RE MARRIED TO ME,
YOU'RE GOING TO GET YELLED AT
MANY TIMES.
AND YOU'RE TOUGH ENOUGH
TO TAKE IT.
THAT'S WHAT I LOVE
ABOUT OUR MARRIAGE.
WE CAN SAY WHATEVER WE WANT,
BUT THE NEXT DAY,
WE'RE STILL THERE.
THAT'S WHAT I LIKE
ABOUT IT, TOO.
AH. WHAT AM I GONNA SAY
YOU COULDN'T FORGIVE ME?
THERE ARE THINGS, JAY.
YOU READY TO GO?
I WAS THINKING,
IT'S SUCH A SHAME
THAT THIS HOTEL ROOM
IS GOING TO GO TO WASTE.
I LIKE WHERE THIS IS HEADED.
MAKE MANNY SOME PASTA.
I'LL SEE YOU
TOMORROW MORNING, OKAY?
HEY, DAD.
HEY, BUDDY.
(sighs) LOOK,
I-I'M SORRY IF I--
NO, NO, NO.
NO, DON'T APOLOGIZE.
THERE'S STILL PLENTY OF STUFF
WE CAN DO TOGETHER.
SO IF YOU WANT OUT,
YOU ARE... OUT!
(grunts)
(sighs)
UH, I KNOW WE BOUGHT
A LOT OF MAGIC STUFF,
BUT WE CAN RETURN
SOME OF IT--
MERLIN'S HAT, THE GLOVES,
MOST OF THE CAPES.
WHAT ABOUT HOUDINI'S WANDS?
UH...
THEY KIND OF GOT BROKEN.
ALL THREE? WHAT HAPPENED?
I GOT YOU CARBON FIBER.
SOME KIDS WERE MESSING AROUND
WITH THEM AT SCHOOL.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT--WHAT WERE THEY DOING?
I DON'T REALLY WANT
TO TALK ABOUT IT.
YOU KNOW,
I WENT THROUGH THAT,
KIDS--KIDS MESSING
WITH MY STUFF.
REALLY?
OH, YEAH. IN HIGH SCHOOL,
WHEN I FIRST GOT NOMINATED
FOR JUNIOR TUMBLING CONGRESS,
MY PARENTS HAD TO SIGN
A... RELEASE!
(clears throat)
ANYWAY,
MY BUDDY DIZZY BRINDIZZI
SAW IT, GRABBED IT,
AND MADE A LOT OF FUN OF ME.
I THOUGHT ABOUT NOT GOING.
BUT YOU DID.
OH, YEAH.
HAD A BLAST.
MADE A LOT OF FRIENDS,
SHARED MILKSHAKES WITH
MORE THAN ONE FEMALE TUMBLER.
THE MINUTE I STOPPED CARING
WHAT OTHER PEOPLE THOUGHT
AND STARTED DOING WHAT I WANTED
TO DO, IS THE MINUTE
I FINALLY FELT... FREE!
(groans)
BUDDY...
YOU'RE GONNA MAKE
YOUR OWN CHOICES,
AND WHATEVER YOU DECIDE,
I'LL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU.
YOU'RE NOT JUST SAYING ALL THIS
'CAUSE YOU'RE STUCK, RIGHT?
NOTHING YOU DECIDE
WILL EVER DISAPPOINT ME.
THANKS, DAD.
RELAX YOUR ARMS,
ROLL YOUR SHOULDERS FORWARD,
BEND DOWN YOUR HEAD,
EXHALE...
(exhales deeply)
AND THEN ARCH.
(grunts)
OHH.
UH... IT SORTA WORKED.
(sighs)
WELL, HONEY, I JUST WANTED
TO CHECK IN AND SAY HI.
ALEX, COME SAY HI
TO YOUR SISTER!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH.
WHAT'S UP, LADY?
Oh, my God. You did not
just say, "What's up, lady?"
What's wrong with you?
I WAS JUST SAYING HELLO--
Oh, it's like the lamest thing
you've ever said.
And what is that shirt?
What are you, a flapper?
I JUST BOUGHT IT
AT THAT STORE THAT YOU--
Oh, where? Forever 1921?
And what is going on
with your hair?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH MY HAIR?
Oh, you should just
dip yourself in boy repellent.
SHUT UP! MOM!
AND BALANCE...
IS RESTORED.